# Slingshot_Take_Home_Challenge

The following project I have built uses my web development skills as well as the current knowledge I have as a junior in high school. I am unfamiliar with a CLI interface so what I did instead was create a single page web application that displays the functionality of the project with a GUI interface(Graphic User Interface). The following operations in the project include: Adding a keyword to trie, Searching for a keyword in the trie, return a list of autocomplete suggestions based on the input prefix, and displaying the trie. I have code in my trie.js file that is commented out, but was meant to delete a keyword from the trie. I was unable to implement the delete function in the application, but I left my code in to at least show evidence that I attempted the task.

Option 1: In order to use the application, all you have to do is download the files and open them in an IDE of your choice. The one I used and prefer is Visual Studio Code. Any IDE is fine as long as it supports HTML, CSS, and Javascript. When you run the application, a prompt will pop up asking you to add a word to the trie. You can input up to 6 words. Once all the words have been added to the trie, they will be displayed in a list format with a search bar in order to search through the trie. When you refresh the page, the trie will clear and you will again be prompted to input words for the trie. This time you can enter new words that will be stored in the trie.

Option 2: You can automatically run this application which is hosted online using the following link: https://cryptide456.github.io/Slingshot_Take_Home_Challenge/

Resources used: Some of the resources I used include a mixture of google and stackoverflow in order to better understand what a trie is and the functionality of a trie. Boostrap was used for the front end of the application in order to make it look more user friendly.
